[GLOSSARY] difficulty target (#440)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Read more: [Cold Wasabi Protocol](/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md)
:::

:::details
### Difficulty Target

> A Bitcoin block is only valid if its hash is below a certain difficulty target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the requirements for a Bitcoin block to be valid is its hash should be below a certain difficulty target.
```

Author: ```suggestion
One of the requirements for a Bitcoin block to be valid is its hash must be below a certain difficulty target.
```

good, I change `should` to `must`.

Every 2016 blocks, the difficulty target is adjusted upwards [if hashing power has decreased] or downwards [if hashing power has increased].

> This ensures that regardless how much hashing power is invested into mining blocks, on average a new block is found every 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that regardless of how much hashing power is invested into mining blocks, on average a new block is found every 10 minutes.
```
